We have nothing to say between us
Don't ever call me again
I have something important to tell you.
No matter how important it is, it has nothing to do with me
Ye Linghan, I am your savior
Plus three years of love
I just want to see the last side of you
No time bye
Hey wait
I want to say that someone else saved you back then
Do you want to know who it is?
Pardon me?
I'm waiting for you at the Sword of the Son of Heaven No. 2 of the Tenglong Club
It wasn't the dog who saved me that year
Who would that be?
The Fuso Mission is about to arrive in Daxia
I don't know what arrangements Master Chen has
General Blauchard is bothered
Let's get down to business
Drink this glass of wine
I'll tell you a secret about Yelin Aerospace
Poisoned wine
Poisoned me
Prepare for the Overlord to take the bait
Do you drink
Don't drink
Tell me what secrets are there at night
It's not easy at night
It can make Master Chen drink it even though he knows it is poisonous
What are you trying to say?
You don't think I'm kidding, do you?
This wine is really poisonous
The secret I want to tell is that Gu Shichen asked your wife to meet you in the prison next door
Is Ye Linhan here?
Already in
The nurse student has promised that he will never miss it.
His medicine is excellent
I'm going to secretly check the representative of the Fuso envoy basin
Come to me after you record the video and watch him.
Yes
Xia Qing makes you court death
Not only colluded with Fuso
How dare you plot against my wife?